README.md, before:

![HyTech Logo](https://hytechracing.gatech.edu/images/hytech_logo_small.png)

# 2020 Circuits Support

Repository for all of the EAGLE support files for the 2019-2020 car.

## Getting Started with this Git Repository
1. Follow HyTech's [Software Guide](https://github.com/hytech-racing/training/tree/master/Resources).
2. Create a GitHub account if you don't already have one.
3. Download and install [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/) (basic) or [Git CLI](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git) (advanced).
    * If you are using GitHub Desktop for the first time, be sure to read the [User Guide](https://help.github.com/desktop/guides/).
    * If you are using Git for the first time, you should start off by reading a tutorial. There are many available online:
        * [Pro Git book](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2)
        * [Atlassian Git Tutorial](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/)
    * You may want to keep a copy of [GitHub's Git Cheat Sheet](https://services.github.com/kit/downloads/github-git-cheat-sheet.pdf) as a reference.
4. Talk to your subteam lead to be added to the team within the GitHub organization.
5. Clone this repository to your computer using the URLs:
    * SSH: `git@github.com:hytech-racing/circuits-support-2020.git`
    * HTTPS: `https://github.com/hytech-racing/circuits-support-2020.git`

## Getting Started with EAGLE
1. Follow HyTech's [Software Guide](https://github.com/hytech-racing/training/tree/master/Resources).
2. Download and install [EAGLE](https://www.autodesk.com/products/eagle/overview)
3. Get the free [Educational License](https://www.autodesk.com/education/free-software/eagle) (a .edu email address is required)

## More Information
* [Software Guide](https://github.com/hytech-racing/training/tree/master/Resources)
* [Team Site](https://hytechracing.gatech.edu/)
* [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/HyTechRacing/)
* [Engage](https://gatech.campuslabs.com/engage/organization/hytech-racing)

## License
This project is licensed under the GPL License v3.0. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.

Commit message:

Add new doc links
Updated readme to reflect 2022 year and added links to new guidelines.

README.md, after:

![HyTech Logo](https://hytechracing.gatech.edu/images/hytech_logo_small.png)

# 2022 Circuits Support

Repository for all of the EAGLE support files for the 2022 car.

## Getting Started with this Git Repository
1. Follow HyTech's [Software Guide](https://github.com/hytech-racing/training/tree/master/Resources).
2. Create a GitHub account if you don't already have one.
3. Download and install [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/) (basic) or [Git CLI](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git) (advanced).
    * If you are using GitHub Desktop for the first time, be sure to read the [User Guide](https://help.github.com/desktop/guides/).
    * If you are using Git for the first time, you should start off by reading a tutorial. There are many available online:
        * [Pro Git book](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2)
        * [Atlassian Git Tutorial](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/)
    * You may want to keep a copy of [GitHub's Git Cheat Sheet](https://services.github.com/kit/downloads/github-git-cheat-sheet.pdf) as a reference.
4. Talk to your subteam lead to be added to the team within the GitHub organization.
5. Clone this repository to your computer using the URLs:
    * SSH: `git@github.com:hytech-racing/circuits-support-2020.git`
    * HTTPS: `https://github.com/hytech-racing/circuits-support-2020.git`

## Github Software Guidelines and Electrical Designs Rules Review Process
Follow HyTech's [Github Software Guidelines](https://gtvault.sharepoint.com/:w:/r/sites/HyTechRacing2/Shared%20Documents/Electrical%20-%20All/HT06/Guidelines%20Rules%20and%20Procedures/Github%20Software%20Guidelines.docx?d=w7e0d7e36afeb47b5a935bd7a4851bceb&csf=1&web=1&e=sudzjV) to understand our development flow and pull request procedure.
Follow HyTech's [Electrical Designs Rules Review Process](https://gtvault.sharepoint.com/:w:/r/sites/HyTechRacing2/Shared%20Documents/Electrical%20-%20All/HT06/Guidelines%20Rules%20and%20Procedures/Electrical%20Designs%20Rules%20Review%20Process.docx?d=w0277498dfb4b4b9fbfad0e5db8a187c8&csf=1&web=1&e=LDFCNz) to understand circuit design flow. 

## Getting Started with EAGLE
1. Follow HyTech's [Software Guide](https://github.com/hytech-racing/training/tree/master/Resources).
2. Download and install [EAGLE](https://www.autodesk.com/products/eagle/overview)
3. Get the free [Educational License](https://www.autodesk.com/education/free-software/eagle) (a .edu email address is required)

## More Information
* [Software Guide](https://github.com/hytech-racing/training/tree/master/Resources)
* [Team Site](https://hytechracing.gatech.edu/)
* [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/HyTechRacing/)
* [Engage](https://gatech.campuslabs.com/engage/organization/hytech-racing)

## License
This project is licensed under the GPL License v3.0. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.
